update the list of ports considered unsafe by Chrome (#56)
yihui/servr: NEWS.md

# CHANGES IN servr VERSION 0.23

> - update the list of ports considered unsafe by Chrome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the list of ports considered unsafe by Chrome (thanks, @RLesur, #56).
```
